docs: Add documentation around `Headers` constructor init arg as an array of name-value pairs, where each pair is a 2-element string array (#13504)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/headers/headers/index.md

- `init` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An object containing any [HTTP headers](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers)
    that you want to pre-populate your `Headers` object with. This can be a

>     simple object literal with {{jsxref("String")}} values, a two-dimensional array of {{jsxref("String")}} values; or an existing

Author: ```suggestion
    simple object literal with {{jsxref("String")}} values, an array of name-value pairs, where each pair is a 2-element string array; or an existing
```

secondHeadersObj.get('Content-Type'); // Would return 'image/jpeg' — it inherits it from the first headers object
```

You can also add the headers you want as the `Headers` object is created by using a two-dimensional array to add multiple headers with the same values. In
the following snippet we create a new {{domxref("Headers")}} object with multiple `Set-Cookie` headers
by passing the constructor an init array as an argument:

```js
var headers = [
  ['Set-Cookie', 'greeting=hello'],
  ['Set-Cookie', 'name=world']
];

> var myHeaders = new Headers(httpHeaders);

Author: ```suggestion
var myHeaders = new Headers(headers);
```
